



'congregation 'enterprise componentry geography
@Apostles1 Apostles1 released this Nov 22, 2024
· 89 commits to main since this release
 10.01
 6365edf 
the starting place, for 'human centred design; of 'sequencial-generic,' textiles creation folklore enterprise: organology; 'empiric creation.

'sequencial-generic fundemental-foundation, 'global creation 'collective archeive 'eucharist enlightenedment,of 'civic people; histology;oerganology;scriptures,alchemedes. enterprise, 'origin of man -evolution, 'modern correct peractices. 'censuses-concensuses, unite of call to work; adventis metaphores, artistic compose piece ; Congregation adventis: 'compose concensus matrix,'enterprise geography. ### congregation R&D ; anatomy ,Individualism , 'enterprise; 'censuses,concensuses , 'multi-dimensional image reflecting, '"Jurisprudence " 'enterprise design; 'selfsustainance ; 'God ; surrenity ;salvation ; 'constructs from 'theosiphic ideology;'chartacter of covenant; 'Organology;Hhistory;scriptures, reasources,technology,exodus. u.i 'performance methodology, citizens connect ,. ui multi-dimensional . resonance, 'pre-ordainedment ,'minority priveledge, 'purpose of life .

Da_Vinci_Vitruve_Luc_Viatour

The matrix 

information curriculum and regiemen processing
Initiative of buisness

God’s government in Christ demands and brings Cultural Reformation.
This teaching stream explains the Gospel’s cultural engagement; how the Gospel dismantles idolatrous belief systems and gradually reforms societal structures and institutions.
Because the infinite creator-God is the ground of human rationality and creativity, the Gospel has historically provided the context for the development of a high culture: law and justice, political freedom, science, education, and the arts. Science, for example, only emerged from the worldview of the Christian West.

As C. S. Lewis famously said:
Men became scientific because they expected Law in Nature, and they expected Law in Nature because they believed in a Legislator [i.e. Lawgiver].
Cultural Reconstruction will only ever occur in the wake of a worldwide spiritual awakening—a conversion to biblically orthodox Christianity.
The vision of cultural reformation is grounded in five biblical tenets:

Harvesting element from the ‘inheritance of society; operation/ function; process,developedment and growth.ideology Embodiing human consciousness; societal provision; of and to ‘the parameters of architectural perfection; including ‘apathy’ towards ‘awareness to the ‘society, ‘biographic geography, of reproductive ethnic cosmology; binary geneology,information/data, ‘culinary-arts; ecological the organology from the temperol consciousness, learning teaching skills, reproductive skills, of enterprise ‘equity’ from lost sustainance to expansion pipeline network enlarge, new value .
Enterprise Outer parameters of sustainance
New platform; to enable the success of lost ordinance; in choice of life, in compliance to ‘guidance and method ‘to result competent; conciousnes of co-ordinated; ‘orientation within ecology; ’diversity, ergronomics, ecology; trades skillset; ‘human apathy’ of anthropological impetus . Adaptive naturalization process; inspire: exercises-practices, ‘contributing to the developing, intuitive cause, ‘ social ethnic ergronomics, estate inheritance; productive equity of ‘compose matrix modal’ 5g ‘componentry schematic blueprint of balanced ‘stratedgic; ‘demographic-democracy; ‘ programming, accurate analytics for constructing under the architecture authority of ‘gods plan; multi-dimensional ‘global implimention hierarchy’ ‘reflects canonical compose framewworks being pursued; to complete, ‘relative-parrallel ‘enterprise architecture 'canonical construction.
Matrix integration
Research and developedment

_mediumchris
Enterprise orthogenesis for all” 5g Field of life endeavours

Collective accountancy for animate and subsidized ‘capital’ empiric enterprise canonical ecology; of global subsistence framework. Intelligence from demographic centred theology interactive @patentpend form collective ontology archeive in productivity; field of life endeavor; etiquette of human positivism.
Enterprise Administration Accountancy profile
enterprise establishment on evolving ‘democratic principals; foundation of Architecture; conceiving all access ‘to architecture alignment tradjectory; network media channels; conceived throughout of the ‘sciences of the species ‘ecliptic/creation diversity; throughout collective evolution of measured, scaled ‘critical/united; ‘geographic information protocols of 5g {anthropology} chronicles-chronology. Measured individuals analytics, of ‘social-ethic, ‘biographic/geography of lifestyle form-factor; analytics statistics from response to adaptation of histology’s performance enhancing, ‘leadership creiteria, ‘to better the ‘world’ and ‘give’ back to work; to preserve innovation tradition . Buisness codex to evolve throughout ‘enterprise positivism’relative-parallel design for ‘enterprise ‘collective geographic; ‘doctorate campaine .

Augmented homage administration
Enterprise Administration following ‘Occipital /Jurisprudence, ‘Different elements of design. Call to action, ready for action ‘procreation; home, work, play; aspect of iterated mitigated; order, exercises, practices ‘adaptive naturalizations, ‘ natural equilibrium and most essentisal ‘functioning; ‘conservation preservation of organs organisms; ideology of ‘inspired sustainance, ‘through receptors to envision reasource replenishment, it are 5g componentry, framed ‘circular life environment; on earth ‘housing inhabitant; ‘geneology conducting blood; respiratory; compile organs to represent expansive chemical functuality in life pursuit, purpose systems of life.

Enterprise consultancy towards the theological outcome in practices of ‘orthodox sciences’ exposed to scholarly enterprise applications of the architecture heritage; where an enterprise citizen resides off the coral shore of ‘truth and lies’ foundation of enterprise subsistence protocols from collective human, domestic form-factor iterates geographic ecological demographics human ontology processes merit credentials,biblical archaic archeology schooling ‘kredos’ rural/urban/professional ‘Inclusion. A subsistence curriculum “Jurisprudence” standard, simple, virtuous; residual calligraphy; from the ‘intuitive generic ‘genesis revelation; empiric new city; productivity to reflect purpose,meaning ‘to lifestyle and survival, ‘civic subsistence; from ground zero of proficiency-efficiency logistics fulfillment of “Anthropology” directed life practices-exercise of an anthropological based ‘lifecycle intrinsic temperol gifted quality’s bearing ‘will’ of ‘geographic competence; innovation, technology; interactive ‘mechanology of the sciences; .
Home life
Cross-platform of ‘enterprise ‘a.i exodus intelligence;
11

procreation
Enterprise HR Framework
Enterprise Mechanical vend. diag
Enterprise architecture; ‘blueprint schematic; creation componentry topology implementation, ‘for lifesystem‘automated, ‘civilization matrix,
Enterprise architectuere compose-composite HR, ‘Production Prototype; Primary ui-ux componentrty topology to envision ‘enterprise architecture;
Reflection for connected automated design scenario’s of ’empiuric civilization ‘global networks;

HR ordinance of enterprise talisman
Enterprise Architecture; ‘creation stewardship portfolio on new testament biographic creation manuscript; ‘employing , ‘enterprise ‘empiric constructions; ‘excavations exodus’ to implement; ‘revolving enterprise’ restoration implementation; ‘parallel-relative ‘orbit to ‘mare orientale relative, astrological orthodox tradjectory in historical biographic corporation; the geographical ‘Adventis mapping ‘creation’enterpreise binary geneology of ‘compose ballast’ and instruntal mechanology; ‘schematic manuscripts {pseudoscience-apfredesiac} to ‘envision ‘epistemological constitution of ‘creation ‘global business enterprise; ‘empiric creation platform, topology componentry, for civilization ui-ux, modernday financial demographics; ‘creation field of enterprise life endeavours ‘comprising enterprise {hr} ‘engineering advocate; to enterprise stewardship {individualism},naturalization of ‘business demographics, from ‘orthodox federation geneology.of the ‘Christian ‘faith to transformation of creation ‘Administration of ‘civilizations; ‘acoustics environment, ‘algorithm manuscript. canonical impetus of allthings natural intuitive consciousness, ‘empiric ‘enterprise platform experience; from ’ballast ‘collective ‘historic federation counsil;’ for creation archaic technology transformation from world ‘innovative prodigy.
Democracy of HR
Over the ‘settlement of the ux-ui envisionedment; the land generic compose; the alignment to most beneficial envisionedment experience; the constitution of custom construction verified fundamental-foundation to; reflect establishment; conscious equilibrium {micro}; From the design aspects of business demographics are the constitution ;censuses;orthodox growth democracy ‘enroutre to ‘creation ‘empiric civilization; financial demographic ordinance; institution civic psycologic political warfare; “jurisprudence”. Covid; creation stratedgic precision; enterprise ‘urban’ geographic societal ordinance. Incentives from business demographics low carbon resilience geographic purpose.first-nations
Democracy HR
5 continents employ of ‘the orthodox foundation that are ‘linguistic providence creation theological reserve ‘subsistence forager ‘multi-dimensional infrastructure of natural circumstances; ‘basalt geneomic stone statutory initiative,
Enlist the relative-parallel theory of cosmos orthodox democratic practices ofballast evolving to empiric world ‘human centred; ui-ux stratedgic compose production methodology,
Essential standards and trades for ‘human developedment and growth ;consigned to the ‘Demographic diciplines of global network framework,
From reciprocated restoration to faculty ‘etiquette of standards; ‘compliance to conduct codes; ‘are next-gen wave of processes ‘harvested via taxonomic ‘enterprise media relations.
Reveal-reflect, automated population char
From all background establish through orthodox foundation, requesting to submit to orthodox global methodology network, optimizing curricular stratedgy of ‘millenia based; restoration;productivity. from life adaptive interactive interface of biological blockchain network; of continents ‘benediction constant. From field of endeavours demographic population stratedgy; ordinance constitution ‘conducted programs in the enterprise stratedgic ideology; from field of life endeavours ‘human reasources; ‘Urban/Rural ’automated circular lifesystem ‘from relative and parallel ”business demographics”.
Synchronized operations
Millenia input-output ; orthodox regeime; construct of enterprise; creation jurisprudence; ‘enterprise ‘geographic biography from land analytics stewardship, enroute to the componentry topology ; compose creation benefit
epoc alfa-omega, ‘epoc ideology artifacts of the ‘basalt ‘geographic archeology {ballast}; innovative connectivity of ‘orthodox stewardship ‘compose platform’ construction/engineering ‘relative parallel, law of creation ; ‘empiric civilization algorithm.
5g world continents, propose ‘orthodox world network hierarchy-vend diag structure-solution; {urban/rural} on a persistent regiemen of multiple lifesystem disciplines; in the ‘field of life endeavours; including 5g world, ‘biographic human; anatomic antology. Enroute to ‘creation ‘enterprise epistemologic ‘world carer impetus of ‘Empiric ‘business sociology;
synchronized
Ethnic civilization society; ‘capable implementation componentry, and decadence of human ‘empiric civilization’ technology’s; pare restoration solution and methods to compliance in ;creation ‘orthodox geographic standards; in survival estoric/intrinsic innovative creation technology statutes from 5 continent collective gene binary restoration cycle {doctorine}; for ‘creation enterprise business geography descriptor . Circular impetus nano
Ethnic civilization business demography; pseudoscience-apfredesiac in evolving biographic creation constant; descriptor identify ’forager circular statutory endeavor ; compose-composite, ‘copywright intellectual-interface from ‘horizon democracy’ anthropology;”business demograpghics”, ‘empiric platform; compose histologic organology 5g ‘urban/rural profficient ‘survival demographics Infrastructure; information/intel.
tradjectory schematic
Geometry of ‘empiric compose-compsite; interactive, intellectual, copywright, patentpend. Envision.

Render of sustainance; under enterprise ‘corporate market influence; ‘investment partners, ‘build methodology essentials-nessesity’s of survival .

5g urban/rural anthropology frershman anthropology scholar, to receive professional countenance for professional consciousness ‘social-ethic; aptitude-belonging.

