



Hieroglyphic technology’s
 Implimentation for managedment of social demographic infrastructure
inspired through paradism of creations natural intuition, chronicles and
chronology, ethnic Social technology {agentic} the reasources of Road/traffic
hierohlyphic/satellite to recover vertical/horizontal tradjectory of
cononical destiny ‘horizon of earth destiny .
Mentor,diciples, algorithm of holyland ‘rituals, from horizon adventis
‘manuscripts/diary.
Rhetorical logistics relative to diciples gestures of creation gospel forces
earth wind fire are characterized profiles of the intellectual property or
book of tennents/lamentations source to harvest orientation of
manuscripts “organology”, subsistence methodology skillset ethics
‘ “anthropology” are a new topic or implimentation of the old “tradition”
of civic stewardship duties or citizenship roles, direction inclusion and
guidance. At design constant we are unveiling our “Anthropology
Concept” that revolutionizes the collective evolution compliance from
the nessesary conservation/preservation network ‘in the collective
enterprise. ‘family process,developedment and growth organology
from historic evolutions findings and deductions for cyberspace relative
and parrallel worlds in “the enterprise architecture “ as hierarchy of
man’s vertical and horizontal impetus /stewardship ontological
geographic “mans covenant anthology” the one and unified
practices/exercises of “lifeform creation of humanity”. Implicating on the
primary channels of creation radioactive intel/information life
endeavors. Astrologic, sociologic, fundemental, geoscience ,arts
humanity.
Hieroglyphic technology’s Mastercraft man instrument of artistic works
magical mystical crafting evolution image through sustainance provision
of mortal impetus lifestyle .galileo ,Columbus , Alexander.
2
Collective human assets Bc-2020 futuristic model a Inclusion in assets
stratedgy ;Lifestyle ie. Spouses,social media trend ‘persona, family
sabbath for wellbeing to compliance for wellbeing and nationality of
cause to fullfillment of life to compliance enterprise industrial,
commercial, Domestic –rich poot. Bottom-up framework :biographic
manuscripts in field of virtual-reality’s biography of anatomic lifeform
(hieroglyphs) hieroglyphic lifeform endeavors, ‘apfredesiac of
symbols,images ,character,genomic /generic adaptive hereditary
ideology of circular environmental construct domestic,
commercial,Industrial on a cononical tradjectory at the brain of
“jurisprudence enterprise” psuedoscience social science and covenant
enterprise infrastructure architecture of enterprise sector covenant
enterprise manuscript algorihm. Trades instrumentation of provisional
skillset multi-dicipline selfsustainance “occipital” methodology.














Theory of Anthropology concept
1 - Dimentions of prophecies purpose,cause and meaning for theology's variable-factors of creation
selfsustainance of creation theology.
2 - Logistic creation rituals from exsistencial exercise-practices of survival profiles of the covenant as wind ,earth, fire 'earth ,air,
water and fire.
2 - occipidential collective forces of world chronology iterate the implimentation phase of relative
ossipidential scenario prepared for applied sciences creation applications aphfredesiac, 'lifeform
biological geneology of creation chronicles and collective forces of creation stamina ,fortitude and
impetus in geographic biography .
3 - Occidential impetus of creation 'world' forces varifiing the occipital dimensions of the creation
through collective alignment of occidential binary assignments of creation variable-factor aphfredesiac
for creation environment orientation virtual-reality.
3 - Science Provisions from theoretical
4 - This is the type of atmospheric model that millenia of the ossipital represents :first principal of the
philosiphy foundation for the essentials-nessesity's of survival-exsistence and then refined fundemental
logistic methodology of the ethical anthropology which facillitates all the occipidential implimentation
and interface of all collective process and function that run's under the authority of varified creation life
system conciousness {equalibrium of lifeform}. 'the unified sequencial-generic millenia of circular system revolution
5 - principals of the creations, philosiphic form of subsistence 'skillset of subsistence forager tuteledge of
creation morale, etiquette, diversity, 'entitlement of consumption,environment control, demographics
'laws of science/biblical prophecy'.
• Creation mechanology, 'disambiguation of the creation archeologic 'collective evolution, cell
artifacts reflecting from all endeavors of life creations many systems Ossipital biographiy of the
creations biographic lifeform trades ,traits and trends of creation brands, 'the venture variablefactor virtuial-reality of earth ossipiidential biographic organology {creation natural learning
aphredesiac re-newed new testament theology}
• Embedded web content makes a great addition to this section.
• Have more information to share? Visit the Storyline and add content as you wish.
6 - occidential enterprise 'linguistics sector 'reasearches archeology of creation collective I.Q-E.Q
biographic architecture of creation psuedoscience disambiguation. A ceation architectural occidential
archeology.
Conclusion
7 - Campaigne insignia reins of world truth campaigne aligns the future and careers through the benifits
osspital industry cultural controls has to offer in their careers ossipital analyst steward engineer
sustainable productive knowledge
